How to use:
You can import this script into your MySQL server using the command line:

powershell
mysql -u your_username -p < database_schema.sql
Or simply copy and paste the contents of 

database_schema.sql
 into your MySQL Workbench or phpMyAdmin SQL editor.
----------------------------
🛠️ Key Changes Implemented
Database Schema: Created a robust MySQL schema in database_schema.sql that manages Users, Bus Requests, Routes, Feedback, and System Settings with proper relationships and data types.
Backend Server: Implemented a Node.js/Express server in server.js providing RESTful API endpoints for all application features, including secure authentication and image handling (Base64).
Frontend Refactoring: Completely refactored app.js to replace synchronous local storage logic with asynchronous fetch API calls. All modules (Admin, Student, Staff) now interact with the real-time database.
Configuration: Added a .env file for easy database configuration and updated package.json with all required dependencies.
🚀 How to Run the Project
To get started with the new MySQL-integrated DigiBus system, follow these steps:

1. Initialize the Database
Import the schema into your local MySQL instance:

bash
mysql -u root -p < database_schema.sql
(Ensure your MySQL server is running before executing this.)

2. Install Dependencies
Navigate to your project directory and install the necessary Node.js packages:

bash
npm install
3. Configure Environment
Verify the credentials in the .env file:

DB_HOST: Your database host (default: localhost)
DB_USER: Your MySQL username (default: root)
DB_PASSWORD: Your MySQL password
DB_NAME: digibus_db
4. Start the Server
Run the backend server:

bash
node server.js
The server will start at http://localhost:3000.

5. Launch the App
Open index.html in your browser. The frontend will now communicate with the backend server.

📂 Modified Files

server.js
 — Backend API Logic

app.js
 — Updated Frontend Logic (Asynchronous)

database_schema.sql
 — SQL Database Definition

.env
 — Configuration Variables

package.json
 — Dependencies
The integration is complete and ready for testing! You can now register new users, submit requests, and manage bus passes with persistent data.
-------------------
The Fix
You need to add the demo accounts to your database so the system recognizes them. Run the following SQL command in your MySQL terminal or Workbench:

sql
USE digibus_db;

-- Add the demo student to the users table
INSERT IGNORE INTO users (id, role, studentId, name, pass) 
VALUES ('student', 'student', 'student', 'Demo Student', 'student123');

-- Add demo admin and staff while we are at it
INSERT IGNORE INTO users (id, role, name, pass) 
VALUES ('admin', 'admin', 'System Admin', 'admin123');

INSERT IGNORE INTO users (id, role, name, pass) 
VALUES ('staff', 'staff', 'Bus Staff', 'staff123');

Why this fixes it:
The requests table has a Foreign Key pointing to the users table. When you click "Submit Request," the server tries to save the request under the ID student. If the database doesn't see a user named student in the users table, it blocks the action to prevent "orphaned" data.

Alternative: Register a New Account
Instead of using the demo account, you can also:

Click "Register here" on the login page.
Create a brand new student account (e.g., ID: 12345).
Log in with that new account.
Submit the request.
This will work because the registration process automatically adds the user to the database first!